npm works as a node package manager
❌It does not stand for Node Package Manager

When we do npm init , package.json is created

package.json is the configuration for npm.
It keeps track of what version of that package is installed in our system.
If there is carat that means install any version, and if there is any minor update upgrade it also
It will manage all the packages that we will install in our system
and sometimes these packages are also known as dependencies

Package and dependency is the same thing

*️⃣Most Important is BUNDLER
Package we will use is parcel

There are two types of dependencies:
Dev dependency: generally required in development phase. (npm install -D parcel)
Normal dependency: can be used in production also.

"parcel": "^2.13.3" 
^ carat : here parcel will automatically do minor updates like 2.13.3 to 2.13.4
~ tilde : in this case, parcel will automatically do major updates like 3.0.0 to 4.0.0 (NOT RECOMMENDED🚫)

package-lock.json keeps track of exact version that is being installed (2.13.3)

node-modules is like a database. It contains the actual data of those dependencies/packages that our projects need.

Transitive dependency: Our project has a dependency parcel and parcel can have dependency in itself so it is transitive dependency

should I need to push node-modules on git? Answer-NO
should I need to push package.json and packae-lock.json on git? Answer-YES
and why not node_modules because IF I HAVE these two json files then I can re-create node_modules
COMMAND: If have these two json and then want to install node_modules again: npm install

whatever you can re-generate, do not put it into git

.gitignore contains all the files which we do not want to push to git.

IGNITING OUR APP:

npx parcel index.html
It will create a server on local machine http://localhost:1234

npm for installing package
npx means executing package

WAYS TO GET REACT IN OUR APP: By using cdn links (NOT RECOMMENDED🚫 because fetching from cdn is costly operation (network calls))
ANOTHER WAY TO GET REACT IN OUR APP:
by npm
npm install react 
npm install react-dom 
(OR) npm i react-dom 

parcel -
-Dev Build
-Local server
-HMR (Hot Module Replacement): automatically refreshes the page
HOW? because it is using File watching algorithm which is written in C++
- Caching : Faster builds
- Image Optimization
- Minification 
- Compression
- Consistent hashing
- Code Spliting
- Differential Bundling: support older browsers
- Diagnostic 
- Error Handling
- HTTPS
- Tree Shaking: remove unused code
- Different dev and prod bundles